add block rewind cli tool to the troubleshooting (#686)
rsksmart/devportal: _rsk/node/troubleshooting.md

To solve it, you need to change the `public.ip` key in config file with your IP address (if you don't know your IP, simply [search for it](https://www.google.com/search?q=what's+my+IP+address)).

[This page](/rsk/node/configure) will show you how to change a node's configuration file.

### Rewind Blocks

> If RSK node happens to process blocks that are corrupted or invalid, after a hard fork. This tool provides a way to remove such blocks and start from a previous one state, this tool removes the blocks with number higher than the block number parameter informed in the command line.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This tool should be used in a scenario where an RSK node processes blocks that are corrupted or invalid, for example after a hard fork. It allows one to remove such blocks and start from a previously known state. It does so by removing the blocks with block number higher than the block number parameter command line argument.
```

> Note: The node must be turned off before the rewind, and restarted after.

Example:

`java -cp rsk-core-<VERSION>.jar co.rsk.cli.tools.RewindBlocks 1000000`

> It removes the blocks with number 1000001 or higher

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The above command removes the blocks with number 1000001 or higher.
```
